This person checks before and after.
There must be war.
Ms. Justice, you go first.
Let's see what the boss is waiting for.
The young master has completed your order.
As long as Truong Huc Dong you touch his devil's door
must die
Good.
I am not ashamed to leave Tu Bao Duong to you to handle.
Thank you for planting
Young master, this was just seven minutes ago.
Just want to meet someone.
Good.
The Third Master
Zhao Yunjie, this time I am you.
self-inflicted
Think of that little kid on the screen
This color is very good, boss.
How much money do you think this gem of mine can make?
This gem is yours.
No good, I can only give you 100,000 max.
This jade color of mine is so good.
You just gave me so little money.
A cheater.